[Music]
what's that book you've been reading
about
[Music]
it's about heroes who get to go on
adventures
defeat the monsters don't say today
little boy from the south side of
chicago the only tourists to get to do
that
[Music]
this story it's about my father and the
secret birthright that's been kept from
us
you're going after it we're going near
the car
he's gonna stand here this is family
business
and family stay together i'm scared for
myself just because they don't want you
here
doesn't mean you're not supposed to be
you gotta get away
this is an invitation to unmitigated
power
when the hell did i go wrong with you
boy i told you to stay away from that
damn place
there's something here just trying to
get out
[Music]
everything was where and as
it should be from god
to man
to creature
we're surrounded by monsters
[Music]
i'm doing this to protect us you can't
win this game setting up for you to play
[Music]
this legacy belongs to our family we
gotta face this new world
[Music]
instinct i'm claiming
this is our family story
you